Description:
1. Add a power system: including various generators and electrical appliances (workbench)
2. Add a series of workbenches (main)
3. Add the principle of masonry
4. Add chrysanthemum, orchid (flower, medicine)
5. Add wooden house (Wonder)
6. Add trestle

Body:
1. Power part
All of the following electrical appliances need to be connected to the grid with wires to work after they are built
Including: wires, wind turbines, hydroelectric generators, street lights
Hydroelectric generators can only be built in Hidden Waterfall, up to 2
Magnet Needs Ode to Nature (formerly DigiMod)

All of the tables below can be removed and returned with materials (stone baths, refrigerators are not tables)
2. Baking table
= Indoor advanced kiln
+ Can be put into scraped leather to dry into tanned leather
+ Can be placed in mud piles and dried into dry mounds
+ No need for fuel (Happy 030)
Has 8 slots
Can roast feathers to get ashes

3. Gardening table (original woodworking table)
You can put 1 small branch + 1 wood point (to solve the problem of too many small branches in the later stage)
You can put 1 long wooden stick + 2 points of wood points (to solve the problem that some mods cause too many long wooden sticks)
Can consume 3 lumber points to produce 1 lumber
Can be placed in mud piles and anti-cracking agents
Consume 6 mud piles to get a large clay ball, break it up with a hammer to get 6 clay
Consume 6 mud piles and 6 anti-crack agents to get large mud bricks, break them with a hammer to get 6 mud bricks

can practice carpentry

4. Brewing stand
Can squeeze green coconut, coconut, aloe vera, sugar cane, strawberry, rape, oil palm, mango, rubber, wild dates, coffee beans, wheat
When the liquid comes out, remember to turn it out in time, otherwise it will not be possible to squeeze out other liquids.
It can also be connected to the grid to reduce the juicing time
The wort obtained by squeezing wheat can be put into the fermentation barrel (requires Ode to Nature (formerly DigiMod)), fermented for two days to obtain ale
Ale can relieve pain and increase courage, but it will lower the mood

5. Cooking station
Can put meat + 2 meat points
Grass can be put in + 1 dish point
You can consume 1 meat + 1 dish point to produce exquisite dishes
Cooking function with stove (dll fixed, but draft still possible)

6. Stonecut Table
Can put 1 small stone + 1 stone point
Can consume 3 stone points to produce 1 big stone
The stone-cut table can store sulfur, up to 50 pieces, without smell
Masonry can be practiced
7. Pharmacy table
Ginger can be added to get ginger tea
You can put jasmine flower to get jasmine honey tea
Can be put in aloe vera to get aloe vera cream
You can put kava and spider orchid into it to get kava preparation and spider orchid preparation respectively

8. Stone Baths
Can take a super clean bath or shower (save soap, start with you and me)

9. Slaughter table
Can slaughter small animal carcasses, cut open pike & salmon & scarlet carp & parrotfish, scrape leather, open sea urchin & conch & oyster
Slaughtering tables can be connected to the grid to reduce skinning time
An electrified slaughtering table can chop bones & boar teeth to get 2 bone meal, and chop bird bones to get 1 bone meal

10. Refrigerator
Added a refrigerator, the effect is the same as that of a fresh-keeping jar before power-on
It can keep fresh after power on, and the capacity is increased

11. Storage area
Added storage area, built with 1 twig
There is no additional effect, just like Rimworld's storage area, it is completely for the early classification
can be removed

12. Orchid
Added orchids, orchid bushes can be found in wetlands
Orchid bushes have a flower effect for bees to collect honey
Orchids can be soaked in boiling water to get orchid tea
Orchids can be placed in the medicine table to get orchid preparations
Adding the effect of orchid after taking the above two can reduce lung damage
The orchid itself can be used as a headdress
13. Chrysanthemum
Added chrysanthemums, which can be found in wetlands
Chrysanthemum bushes have a flower effect for bees to collect honey
Chrysanthemum can be soaked in boiling water to get chrysanthemum tea
Chrysanthemum can be placed in the medicine table to get Chrysanthemum preparation
Adding the effect of chrysanthemum after taking the above two can reduce diarrhea and strengthen immunity, but it will reduce sobriety
Chrysanthemum itself can be used as a headdress

14. The principle of masonry
Large boulder dragged on flint. Grinding stone cone
Increase furniture: can increase comfort
Gorgeous lights (replaced textures to better match Rimworld stuff)
Lighting, decompression, and entertainment
ornate sculpture
Fill water, decompress, add entertainment
stone shelf
large shelf
15. Stone Road
Stone roads can be built on mangroves, barren beaches, and rocky beaches, and the effect is the same as trails

02-02
Linked with the production tools of @cromzst, now the baking table can bake the molds of copper saws and hatchets
Crafting a Baking Table now unlocks blueprints that require a kiln, such as a cooking pot (Kiln Climb!)
New location: flower table, unlocked by leaves, can store 100 rot, feces, and sea bird droppings each, and will not produce stink.

02-02-1
Fixed the black screen bug caused by not downloading production tools
Ornate Lamp boosts brightness to 30

02-05
Ornate lamps, ornate sculptures can now only be built indoors
Add to drink: Poplar nectar, available by mixing coconut and mango juice, to enhance entertaining.
Pharmacy desk can be powered on
Adjust slaughter table power consumption
Fixed a translation error for the orchid effect

02-06
New exchange for Gardening Table: 3 sawdust for 1 twig
The wood of the gardening table is changed to a point display, and 3 points are exchanged for 1 wood

02-07
The effect of orchid and chrysanthemum can be found in the compound

02-08
The baking station can bake sago pulp into sago flour
Moved jasmine honey tea from pharmacy stand to brewing stand
You can put lemongrass and jasmine into the medicine table to get the corresponding essential oils (remember to transfer them out in time)
Gardening Bench for practicing gardening to improve Herbology skills
02-08-01
Roasting station can roast leaves
The grill can be powered on
Increased slots to 16 after power-up
heat up faster

02-11
Modify the map of poplar nectar
You can customize the number of flower tables taken out at a time in config, and the default is 1
(The config file is in Card Survival Tropical Island\BepInEx\config)
(The config file name of this mod: Plugin.Rimworld.cfg)
(If there is no config file, it will be there after entering the game once)

02-12 to 02-15
Bug fixes here and there

02-16
New Research Bench
The research platform can only be used after it is powered on (requires 30 electricity), please don’t build it too early, otherwise you won’t be able to use it after you build it
You can spend 15 minutes drawing a technology blueprint at the research table
You can spend 15 minutes studying a technology blueprint, which can advance the current research project for an additional 30 minutes
If there is no research project currently, the consumed blueprint will be returned, and then -5 mood (for nothing!)

02-17
The Research Bench without power can also be used
Spend 30 minutes making a rough blueprint, then spend 30 minutes studying it to advance the current research project by an additional 30 minutes

Added air conditioner, crafting 75 to unlock
Need to power up! ! ! ! ! ! 30 electricity

Can be cooled and heated (15 points)

Thanks to @见得 for the stickers

02-19
Powered Research Bench to draw elaborate blueprints
Draw for 1 hour Study for 1 hour Accelerate your research for 2 hours

Add water dispenser
There are four slots that can boil water, salt water, unsafe water, poisonous water, and coconut water into boiling water
Boiled water can be poured into the water dispenser to keep warm
Ideas from @六天假

02-19-01
Fix water dispenser blueprint bug
Added fresh-keeping bucket, crafting and unlocking is the same as cooking pot
Can keep all liquids fresh, including mod's
does not need to be refrigerated

02-21
Fix refrigerator container tag (not important)
Modify the relevant textures of the technology blueprint
After failing to study the technology blueprint, the blueprint will no longer be returned (because there are three kinds of blueprints, an error will be returned)
Removed the sound effect of the baking table

Fix air conditioner blueprint bug
Chrysanthemum orchids add tag-tea, tag-flower linkage warm soup

Added map: Valley of Nar
Rock Beach or Hidden Harbor Explore 50% to discover
Explore Montreal to connect to rocky beaches and hidden havens
Exploration can find magnets
Lodestones can be directly mined with an ax/pick (production tool)

ex: The relocation of the magnets has been completed. In the subsequent updates, Songs of Nature and Forui from Heaven will no longer be able to obtain magnets

Added: Tailoring Desk
Putting a line can be used as fuel, every time repairing clothes consumes one fuel
It takes 3 minutes to repair clothes each time Clothes durability +1000
30 minutes to sew at a tailor table without electricity
Power up requires 20 electricity
Needles used by blueprints will not be returned, nor will they be returned if the tailoring table is dismantled (your needles are worn out)!

02-23
Add trestle:
Carpentry is unlocked at 30 points, which belongs to the environmental transformation of the beach, and you can go to the trestle bridge after completion
On the trestle, you can unlock the environment modification of the ship, and get three routes after completion, and each rowing consumes 1tp:
to bird rock island
Go to Norfica Island: silicon is available, other ecosystems have no ideas for now...
Go to Alkique Island: Zinc can be obtained, other ecosystems have no ideas for the time being...
Added solar generator
Unlock with silicon, material: wood + silicon + zinc + copper
+100 power after power on
It doesn't need a magnet
02-23-01
Fix the bug that the brewing stand cannot squeeze strawberries (I forgot to delete the liquid limit in the previous test!)

02-23-02
Wind power and solar power generation limit the tag to tag-EnvOpen (you can add this tag if other people’s maps are linked), including beaches, grasslands, highlands, and mysterious valleys
Newly added thermal power and macaque power generation, which can be done anywhere

02-26
Add blueprints and in-game instructions to Stone Cone, the original production method can still be produced
The water dispenser can no longer boil salt water
Wire added in-game instructions
The power generation of hydroelectric generators is halved (the original ones will not be affected) (learn from yoyo's good example)
Theoretically fix the problem that Houtianzhong's technology is not unlocked (untested)

02-26-01
Added new building: Chalet (Guil's Wonder)
Log Cabin Blueprint: Unlocked at Carpentry Level 30

Wooden house: The wooden house is a large building, divided into four parts: the first floor of the wooden house, the second floor of the wooden house, the roof of the wooden house, and the yard of the wooden house.
It supports the construction of any basic scene. I haven’t tried it yet if it supports the nesting doll scene. No one should build a house in the cellar!

The first floor of the wooden house: indoor environment, capacity 10w, connected to the outside world, the second floor, and the yard, where the second floor and the yard can be built (just like you repair the door!)
Most importantly, you can nest dolls! ! ! ! (e.g. you can build cellars here (via Imp, not done yet))

The second floor of the wooden house: indoor environment, capacity 10w, connected to the first floor and the roof, you can build a roof here (just like you repair the door!)
Although unreasonable, nesting dolls can also be used here (mysterious second-floor cellar...)

Roof of wooden house: outdoor environment, capacity 10w, connected to the second floor, what kind of solar power generation and wind power generation are designed in the design
Although unreasonable, nesting dolls can also be used here (mysterious roof cellar...)

Wooden house yard: outdoor environment, capacity 10w, connected to the first floor, what kind of greenhouses, corrals and so on are designed
Matryoshka can also be used!

Special Note: The entire archive only supports one log cabin, building multiple log cabins will also return the same log cabin, so please do not build multiple log cabins, although access to the original scene will not be affected...
In layman's terms: this wooden house belongs to the dimensional rift, and you can go back and forth from any map, but the wooden house you enter is the same.

Other features have not been designed yet, pending design and update

PS: The way to obtain the glass: put the sand in the baking table and bake it

03-17
Add a treadmill
window can look
A freezer can be produced when the refrigerator is plugged in
You can put water in the freezer to get ice